spark, didn't know where to go. ...passed down here below. ...and the old folks gone, the girls all mad that their heads' not combed, the girls all mad that their heads' not combed.
Said I am a spark till I got a shame, and everyone's smiley a dash in the name, and everyone's smiley a dash in the name.
When they go to cook I'll tell you how they do to build up the bar as high as your head. Scratch out dashes and pile them on the ground scratch out dashes and pile them on ground
They called me to dinner and I thought for to eat the first thing I saw was a big junk me cooked i've done and tough is them all and all that cake made grand and all and all that cake made grand and all one old knife and every fork it's all fun now when i couldn't make a mark it's all fun now when i couldn't make a mark
Kep on saw him till I got it on my plate.
Wonder girl says, you'd better wait.
Kep on saw him till I got it on the floor.
Up Wimmelfoot, and he keeps it out of doors.
Long come his old man, double-barreled gun.
Wonder girl says, you'd better run.
I stood and fought him as brave as a buyer.
Tangle my fingers, me old man's hair.
When they go to church, I'll tell you what to wear.
An old cotton dress, and that's the very best.
An old insect greased all around.
An old leather bonnet with a hole in a crown.